Update definitions.md (#326)
cowprotocol/docs: docs/cow-protocol/reference/core/definitions.md

An intent by a smart-contract to place `0..n` discrete orders under some programmatic logic. For example, a conditional order may only be valid if the price of an asset reaches a certain level.

> #### Limit Order
> An order to swap specified `sellAmount` of `sellToken` for a specified `buyAmount` of `buyToken` or better.
> 
> #### TWAP Order
> Time-Weighted Average Price order. It is an algorithmic trade execution strategy that aims to achieve an average execution price close to the time-weighted average price of the specified period.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

In general, I don't think we should define "external" definitions (ie. non-specific to CoW Protocol / batch auctions). The unique thing about CoW is it gives surplus over limit orders, which is defined below in _surplus_. "Limit order" and "TWAP order" are known terms (or able to be googled). We should however IMO on the "Limit order" and/or "TWAP order" page within the concepts section link to a wikipedia article that is able to source the external definition.

#### Surplus

The price improvement on a user's limit price.

#### Quote deviation

> The price difference between the quote and the executed price. May be used interchangeably with slippage.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The difference between the quote the user received and the price at which their discrete order was settled. May be used interchangeably with slippage.
```

Just a minor adjustment to use definitions we've previously defined (ie. discrete order). Also, I'm not sure if this can be used interchangeably with slippage? I thought slippage represented the difference between the limit price and the executed price (ie. what is normally defined as "surplus")?
